README.md, before:

# mawt - A ray of light

<repo-version>0.1.0-feature-01-techthulu-events-1f3aTX</repo-version>

This software implements a server that parses input from a Niantic Tecthulhu and uses it to build OPC frames that are then sent to another TCP/IP server.

## Prerequistes

mawt relies upon the presence of the fadecandy server that accepts TCP/IP messages and interfaces with the USB based hardware controllers.  The fade candy server can be downloaded as a single binary and run as documented later in this README file.  The binary is available for Linux, Windows and OSX from https://github.com/scanlime/fadecandy/releases/tag/package-02.  The compressed archives in these releases contain the binaries for the server inside the fc-server/bin directory.

mawt is compiled using golang 1.10.2 or later.  Using apt-get to install golang can be made to work if the package expression is used correctly to set the specific version needed.  In some cases however the presence of an older version of go if installed into the users local environment will override the system version.  Versions on Ubuntu 14.06 or above and go versions 1.9 and below often took this approach.  To deal with local installs you will need to delete the existing go installation, typically in ~/go and then download a new version tar unarchive from the golang.org website and unpack it into the same location, or at this point use apt-get to retrieve the latest version.

## Source code preparation

```shell
cd ~
mkdir -p mawt/src/github.com/TeamNorCal/
export GOPATH=~/mawt
export PATH=$GOPATH/bin:$PATH
cd mawt/src/github.com/TeamNorCal/
git clone https://github.com/TeamNorCal/mawt
cd mawt
```

```shell
go get -u github.com/golang/dep
go install github.com/golang/dep/cmd/dep
go get github.com/karlmutch/duat
go install github.com/karlmutch/duat/cmd/semver
go install github.com/karlmutch/duat/cmd/github-release
go install github.com/karlmutch/duat/cmd/stencil
```

## Build instructions

```shell
sudo apt-get install golang-go
sudo apt-get install -y portaudio19-dev libasound2-dev libvorbis-dev alsa-utils alsa-tools alsa-oss alsaplayer mpg321 alsaplayer-alsa alsa-base
go run build.go
```

## Running mawt

```shell
LOGXI=*=DBG /home/pi/mawt/bin/mawt
```

## Running the simulator using scenario files

```shell
LOGXI=*=DBG go run cmd/simulator/*.go -path assets/simulator/portal_builds
```


## fcserver configuration

fcserver should be run using the following config.json file

```shell
{
    "listen": ["0.0.0.0", 7890],
    "relay":  [null, 7891],
    "verbose": true,

    "color": {
        "gamma": 2.5,
        "whitepoint": [1.0, 1.0, 1.0]
    },

    "devices": [
        {
            "type": "fadecandy",
            "serial": "AMWPGCSIYCRCKYHL",
            "map": [
                [ 1, 0, 0, 64 ],
                [ 2, 0, 64, 64 ],
                [ 3, 0, 128, 64 ],
                [ 4, 0, 192, 64 ],
                [ 6, 0, 256, 64 ],
                [ 7, 0, 320, 64 ],
                [ 8, 0, 384, 64 ],
                [ 9, 0, 448, 64 ]
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

Commit message:

Some test instructions for live test mode with or without fadecandy devices, and using a Niantic supplied tecthulhu server

README.md, after:

# mawt - A ray of light

<repo-version>0.1.0-feature-01-techthulu-events-1f3aTX</repo-version>

This software implements a server that parses input from a Niantic Tecthulhu and uses it to build OPC frames that are then sent to another TCP/IP server.

## Prerequistes

mawt relies upon the presence of the fadecandy server that accepts TCP/IP messages and interfaces with the USB based hardware controllers.  The fade candy server can be downloaded as a single binary and run as documented later in this README file.  The binary is available for Linux, Windows and OSX from https://github.com/scanlime/fadecandy/releases/tag/package-02.  The compressed archives in these releases contain the binaries for the server inside the fc-server/bin directory.

mawt is compiled using golang 1.10.2 or later.  Using apt-get to install golang can be made to work if the package expression is used correctly to set the specific version needed.  In some cases however the presence of an older version of go if installed into the users local environment will override the system version.  Versions on Ubuntu 14.06 or above and go versions 1.9 and below often took this approach.  To deal with local installs you will need to delete the existing go installation, typically in ~/go and then download a new version tar unarchive from the golang.org website and unpack it into the same location, or at this point use apt-get to retrieve the latest version.

## Source code preparation

```shell
cd ~
mkdir -p mawt/src/github.com/TeamNorCal/
export GOPATH=~/mawt
export PATH=$GOPATH/bin:$PATH
cd mawt/src/github.com/TeamNorCal/
git clone https://github.com/TeamNorCal/mawt
cd mawt
```

```shell
go get -u github.com/golang/dep
go install github.com/golang/dep/cmd/dep
go get github.com/karlmutch/duat
go install github.com/karlmutch/duat/cmd/semver
go install github.com/karlmutch/duat/cmd/github-release
go install github.com/karlmutch/duat/cmd/stencil
```

## Build instructions

```shell
sudo apt-get install golang-go
sudo apt-get install -y portaudio19-dev libasound2-dev libvorbis-dev alsa-utils alsa-tools alsa-oss alsaplayer mpg321 alsaplayer-alsa alsa-base
go run build.go
```

## Running mawt

```shell
LOGXI=*=DBG /home/pi/mawt/bin/mawt
```

mawt supports testing without fadecandy devices by specifying the -server option with the value /dev/null.

Using the 2018 test server for tecthulhu messages can be done using the -tecthulhus option with the value http://operation-wigwam.ingress.com:8080/v1/test-info.

## Running the simulator using scenario files

```shell
LOGXI=*=DBG go run cmd/simulator/*.go -path assets/simulator/portal_builds
```


## fcserver configuration

fcserver should be run using the following config.json file

```shell
{
    "listen": ["0.0.0.0", 7890],
    "relay":  [null, 7891],
    "verbose": true,

    "color": {
        "gamma": 2.5,
        "whitepoint": [1.0, 1.0, 1.0]
    },

    "devices": [
        {
            "type": "fadecandy",
            "serial": "AMWPGCSIYCRCKYHL",
            "map": [
                [ 1, 0, 0, 64 ],
                [ 2, 0, 64, 64 ],
                [ 3, 0, 128, 64 ],
                [ 4, 0, 192, 64 ],
                [ 6, 0, 256, 64 ],
                [ 7, 0, 320, 64 ],
                [ 8, 0, 384, 64 ],
                [ 9, 0, 448, 64 ]
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```
